# Nomad_Rides


Rideshare applications have been on rise the past decade, and the number of users and the drivers has been upward. Though the market is booming, drivers on the field are upset with the amount of Share that is deducted by the companies for each ride. Customers are worrying about the hike in the prices of rideshare services over the past few years. This specific problem was exclusively derived from the startup “Nomad Rides”. Build an application which aims to envice the possibility of having a mutual benefit and fair priced rideshare application to both the customer and driver. This application will be stepping away from any
conventional rideshare service and embarks on a new methodology, in which they do not collect commission for each ride from the driver but rather substitute it with a monthly membership fee.

This reduces the price for the customer and also evens out fairly with the driver, as their efficiency to maximize their ride services will not be abused by Rideshare companies via commission. The target audience are mainly daily commuters and rideshare drivers. According to demographics, 36% Americans have used a rideshare application in the past year. Young adults (18-29) cover the chunk of the target audience, covering up to almost 50% of the total users, with the majority being students or office going adults.

The application intends to view rideshare drivers, who are around 1.7 million people in total across the globe, with majority being middle aged men as another high potential stakeholder. An interface which books a ride automatically for the user and bridges out the search of a taxi via application will directly impact many taxi drivers who have not adjusted to the modern technology, it also affects public transport as the application’s interface provides an alternative to public rides. The user interface of the application indirectly impacts all the rideshare application users and also the flow of traffic in certain busy scheduled uptown areas.
